We worked on our application,
we tested it thoroughly, we're happy with the web page we created and with the Javascript code that runs
on it, no matter if we just wrote some client side Javascript or if we built a whole server side application
with Node.js.
Now the goal is to deploy that application,
you want to make sure it does not just run locally on your machine where you're test it but you want
to put it on some server, on some computer in the web which has its own domain connected to it, its own
IP address which is reachable by anyone which your local machine thankfully isn't,
so that all users that are interested can start using your web application.
This is ultimately the goal
once you're done with development right and this is exactly what we'll have a look at in this module.
We'll have a look at deploying both a web page which only consists of HTML, Javascript and CSS, so which
has no server side code attached and we'll also have a look at how you would deploy a Node.js application
where you of course have Javascript code that needs to run on a server.